This year, in the midst of many challenges, we have been so grateful for you, our community.
You've continued to show up in so many different ways, even as the ways we work with and live have
changed. You've used data to answer questions important to you, written insightful code,
helped people learn and continue to share everything you do with your communities,
co-workers, neighbours, family and friends. Thank you for your kindness, your curiosity
in bringing all of you to the ways that you work with and share about data.
From RStudio Open Source, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
A big thank you to the entire Open Source community.
Thank you.
Hey, you're using the things we made and I really appreciate that. Thank you.
Merci.
Thank you.
You want to say thank you?
Thank you for all the ways you contribute and share.